in okay we're completely shifting
over and the reason why mainly hold
on the reason why is um
[Music]
it's mainly because it's
fun okay this is going to be
um we'll just see it goes this is going
to be the um bottom
plate it should why doesn't it just
have it should use it should use the
system
one okay so the first thing is um
oh does this cycle through
it's weird that you can't just uh
the
hell wait
what oh wait wait wait
it's kind of that's kind of weird so
what you have to do you have to go
Circle this you click now this is ready
but you can't just start typing a
variable name so you need to type one
then you need to do this that's kind of
silly for
all the way down
here customized
toolbar I'm going to go put on shorts I
think yeah it's already warm outside
let me just sketch out dude we're
starting fresh we're starting fresh I
realized that there's such a big
advantage to starting fresh so we're
going to
like we're going to like start the code
from scratch to we're going to make a
new repo we're going to do all of that
because it's just
so there's just too much there's too
much going on I need to shed some fat
so bottom
plate top plate
let's I'm going to see if I can do this
in like 3 hours
without the
hopper uh what if we just
[Music]
move so I can so wait hold on I can just
move this in
here I don't get this dude okay whatever
let's just get used to wait hold on I
want to customize this
uh I want s to not be I want alt C and S
to be switched
[Music]
oh measure is this okay
where is just
s first off why is this okay
where is the
S you can't change this dude that's so
ridiculous
okay wait let's just try to do this then
that sucks all right whatever I'm just
going to get used to it
fine
for e
oh maybe I should
um
wait how do you delete
this that's so weird how do you do it
plate
dim and you click enter and then it
brings you to okay so maybe this is the
way that you do
this um
I think it's 50
55 does it really matter what we do want
to do
though is we want to
um
insert we want to
yeah import we want to import
um yeah it's probably not going to be in
here but I think I have them in the
docks so wait let's keep code open and
I'm going to make a new
repo and this is going to be the actual
project
uh no I don't need to do that uh we're
just going to keep it in
here part docks it's probably
not this okay we might as
well fix this so was that
Nema it's probably here the the thing
is about this
did I like
it no just the BLC where did I get the
oh you know what I got it from the
official stepper driver pin out it's
stepper driver
pinout you know what I did I got it from
this um
but then something is weird Okay so
let's go to pictures 3D downloads
okay great so now we want to upload
that
pictures 3D
downloads
uh important is combine it to
it combined to a single part Studio
okay wait but how do
I oh here okay but the interesting thing
about this wait was it with this one I'm
pretty sure this thing has like a
million bodies in
it so what we need to do
actually I want to yeah I want to import
the other
way
oh it's all one part
which is not great so if we were to do
the same thing in
Fusion open I think it's just
open
bro but so if we go here oh wait there's
one
body wait what was the thing that had
like a ton of
bodies okay wait so we we okay so we're
good we can close
this okay whatever let's just edit this
one this is going to be the real one and
what we want to do is
split uh
um okay wait so let's just make sure we
know how to do
it so in
here body to
split splitting tools it's going to be
this
wait split body body to split this
select oh W I'm pretty used to
uh oh that that was it
okay so then we shift J oh wait we have
to
um okay so this is what we do in here
I'm just remembering how we do this so
this is
shaft maybe I could just export this but
I feel like I want to know how to do it
in in on
shape so this is um rename to
stepper so now we do shift J this and
this and uh wait hold on the shaft we
unground from parent then we ground this
to parent then we select both of these
we do a shift J then we do this and it's
revolute and then
type SN
uh okay so that's and then this is a and
then I think we uh rigid group
them I think that's it I think we're all
good so now we just need to know how to
do
that for
okay that was really easy so now we want
to
uh but then this can move now or
what
for for
um
so in our last video we brought
components together from different parts
Studios into an onshape assembly now
we're ready to create mates between
these components so we can establish
Dynamic assembly motion meaning we want
the lid to hinge open and closed at 90°
now meets work a little differently in
on shape than they did in solid works in
solid works what we would do is select
two faces and meet them together well in
on shape things work a little bit
differently because we utilize what are
known as meat connectors now a me
connector is kind of like a coordinate
system it's got a location and it's got
an X Y and Z axxis and each component
that we're meeting together will have
one of these meet connectors so when we
meet these two components together we
could say we want the xaxis and y axis
and Z axis to perfectly align that would
lock those two components together or we
could say that we want to establish some
degrees of freedom while locking down
other degrees of freedom like in our
assembly we want the PIN to be able to
rotate 90° so the lid can open and close
well in today's video we're going to
show how to create these mate connectors
and how to establish the relationship
between mate connectors in our
assemblies so here we can see that we're
in our assembly in on shape and our
components are free to move around we'd
like to start creating mates between
these components which means that we
need okay so the interesting thing is
that when we did split
body let's go back oh wait no it is free
to move
around is there an as is there such a
thing as an as built
joint is the
is there such a thing as an as built
joint in on
shape as built joints like
infusion
360 for
Okay
so for
does it matter the
order hold on I'm going
to
e
e e
because we don't meet between the faces
of our components in on shape we mate
between mate connectors now a mate
connector can be created manually but
they're most commonly created on the Fly
once you enter the mate command so I'm
going to start out here by going to the
revolute mate command in my on shape
assembly and now we see that as we move
our cursor over the different faces of
this model these mate connectors show up
automatically in this case what on shape
is telling me is that if I click on this
planer face a new make connector will be
created at the center of that planer
face in this case what on shape is
telling me is that if I click on this
Edge a new make connector will be
created at the midpoint of that edge or
at the end point of that edge the cool
thing about make connectors is that they
will update dynamically so if the
geometry of this Edge were to get longer
or shorter the make connector will
relocate so that it is always at the
center or the midpoint of that edge so
what I'd like to do is create a new make
connector oh okay at the center of this
end face of the pin now we see that when
we create that may connector it does
have an X Y and Z axis I'm going to
create another make connector here by
selecting this circular Edge and on
shape is going to create that make
connector at the very center of that
circular Edge or co- planer to this end
face of the hinge once I select that
circular Edge and the mate connector is
created we see that on shap moves those
two mate connectors together and what
the revolute mate does is it establishes
a co-planar relationship between the X
and Y axis the XY of each M connector
creates a plane and now those planes are
brought co- planer and a coaxial or
coincident relationship between the
z-axis of both of those mate connectors
so once I hit the green check mark we
can see that I can take this green
component and move it and this planer
face and this planer face remain co-
pler because the mate connectors are
hooked together and we can see that if I
were to take this component here the pin
and rotate it that the two components
remain coaxial or concentric again we're
not meeting between the faces of the
components weish relationship between
the two different mate connectors but as
we can see having that z-axis completely
free to rotate is a problem and this
component is not properly aligned to the
green component so let's use contrl Z to
undo that mate contrl z a couple of
times here there we go now that mate is
no longer here in the tree and let's
once again create this revolute mate now
some of you may have noticed that once I
selected this planer face of the pin and
then selected the circular edge of the
hinge the two components were brought
together but it looks like one of the
axes is not aligned properly and on
shape has a solution for that we've got
this button here which says reorient
secondary axis so anytime you've got
components that are misaligned by 90
degrees like what we've got here you can
use this button to rotate that component
around until it is aligned properly the
other thing that we're going to do this
time is we're going to choose this
button for limits and we're going to say
that the z-axis rotation starts with a
minimum rotation of 0 de and ends with a
minimum rotation of 0° now I know that
for some of you aing Pros out there
there are different mates that might be
a little bit more elegant to establish
this relationship but I wanted to use
the revolute mate twice in this video
and so that's why I'm using it here with
a z 0 for axial rotation so I set that
to be Zer degrees of axial rotation I
hit the green check mark and now we see
that once again when I move the green
component these two faces are remaining
c-liner but we also see that if I were
to rotate the pin component that now
both of these components rotate together
and that's exactly what I want so I
think I'm ready to move on now and
create a second revolute mate so once
again I choose the revolute mate command
this time I'm going to choose the pin
which we see it's a cylindrical face and
on shape is going to create a new make
connector at the center of that okay so
what I'm going to do
let's do it at the
end so
uh so we're going to do mate oh wait
wait what is the revolute
mate wait revolute mate is
M oh oh you just have
to and then we want to
um okay wait but I want to go
to here
and wait which which should we actually
oops which should we actually
pick oh alt it's alt t wait how do you
do this thing how do you change
tabs
whatever oh it's going to bother me
though so
wait um
M why isn't M working oh this isn't the
assembly I'm going to undo this so we're
going to
mate revolute the top of this
to there that's the end on that plane so
what we want to do is now move it up
from what the original distance was from
here to here and that's 22
so in
my I wonder if in my variable Studio can
I actually
like if I go back to
this I select this face and this face I
can make add variable for this
measurement and the name of this is
going to
be top
depper to shaft
end but now how do
I can I move that into a part a variable
Studio because really I want that in
variable
in variable
Studio but anyway so we edit this thing
and the offsets the Z is going to be um
oh wait Can we is there a way to keep
this synced I actually don't
know oh wait oh this just yeah is how it
is okay so in this
assembly edit this and this SE is going
to be shaft what is it
called do I have to save it or something
new part Studios okay wait so let's just
close this
one okay so uh
insert
this
here and then we are going to do a mate
between
this and this and then we want to offset
the wait and this is a revolute and we
want to offset this
by why don't we get this um
designing complex parts and assembl in
on shape wait wait
wait oh it's just cuz we didn't even
Define it just cuz like I'm being dumb
as hell so this is going to
be and then what I also want to measure
is
actually in in here we also want to
measure
this is just
okay so wait so stepper face to shaft so
this is going to be called shaft height
and this is and then this is going to be
stepper
Notch from
face and
then okay so then this is going to be
24 and this is going to
be stepper
Notch and this is just going to be two
right so that makes that that let's just
check that that's
right 22 perfect so now when we do this
revolute mate this is going to be
stepper this is going to be uh shaft
height minus stepper Notch
height okay but the interesting thing
is yeah this is why in some sense I
actually really like Fusion not having a
difference between assemblies and
whatever
because
okay how do you play it though I thought
you can't you just click and drag
it can you ground
this infusion there's a notion of uh
ground to
parent um is there something like that
in on
shape in on
shape you can right click apart and
select
fix
oh oh there we go and now we get this
thing
okay so can we move this to its home
because I moved it
around let's just start from the
beginning insert
this in its default position
and shift one shift two shift three
shift four shift five shift six shift
seven and then how do you
okay oh this doesn't rotate you 90 Dees
but that's fine so now we're going to do
a mate
between here and here offset revolute Z
uh shaft height minus Notch stepper
Notch
height and then what we actually need to
do is we need to go into variable
studio and we need shaft height to be
replaced with stepper shaft
height okay and then that's that's it
that's the whole assembly
right oh and then what we want to do is
we also want to take this body and fix
and then is there a notion of uh capture
position revert
position what is the analog for capture
versus uh
uh revert
position okay well let's not dig too
down the rabbit hole
um but the thing is will we be able to
use this assembly in part Studio that's
what my question
is maybe
not okay wait so we want to
delete oh you just click them I I
actually like that you don't have to
hold control down so much wait so let's
just start from the beginning
now
um okay I got go the B
sh
for
e e
all right so um
okay it's five five for top shift five
for
top I don't get I feel like I'm missing
something because there's no way that
you would cuz most of the time you're
going to want to put in a variable
name but whatever um
oh and we need to change this to um iom
play it was 55 I don't remember why I
made it
taller and then we're going to need to
put that notch in there
it's called y That's
right let's just do a play through
wait this is a playthrough of
Y but what do I
want do I still want to do
this I definitely don't want eight but
honestly eight would be better I'm going
to
um I feel like but I'm pretty sure that
this is wrong first off this is a 3mm
plate or
two yeah this is supposed to be a 5mm
plate so there's a whole bunch of like
bugs and forgotten things
um pillar height is not
the oh it's funny it's kind of like a
lean proof you it's very hard to because
if I said it would it would be like it
be like that left Mole ad mole left ad
type of thing
this would be
like um top of
bottom to bottom of
top um
or what if I just
did yeah what if I just did plate
distance top bottom plate
distance and then this I think I mean
what what do we have it as here see the
thing is this is all wrong because you
can see these this gear is not meshing
perfectly but I'm okay well let's just
say say it's
31 and then this this is the top of the
bottom plate to the bottom of the top
plate and I wonder actually we should do
a little test because in normal code
editor in an
IDE um if we were
to
um how do
you this is the most annoying feature is
that you have to do
one and then you can start typing
variables and
um so if I do top of interestingly it
doesn't give me a dock string I feel
like they could easily make
it like if I hovered over it even but
anyways not a big
deal
uh so then um
what is uh so yeah so let's just look at
this sketch now it's a 10 mm
Hole uh so it's just go to variable
studio
um and this is um
I I really don't like
that but
okay um okay so yeah so now we can do
the
oh oh it's kind of hard to actually get
it um okay so you draw this circle
and now I should just be instantly able
to start
typing oh wait that's sick okay you can
do new variable in here but it
doesn't wait is that do you just write
an expression
presumably you can just write wait okay
wait when we go out of here let's finish
this that's great okay so I didn't
recognize that the first time that we
did that but if we want to go to
variable this is all you have to do is
Hash identifier equals expression so in
here when we're when we're
uh doing this we could just say hash Fu
equal 5 mm
no is that because of
this I
mean wait why doesn't the upkey cycle
through that's actually really annoying
but if I just do new variable
okay oh okay all right wait so wait
let's see how does that
work okay so I just say
hash uh center
bolt okay uh equals yeah 25
enter and then if I let's draw another
Circle so you have to CLI you draw the
circle to the extent that you want you
click down now you're in this mode but
you can't do hash because hash takes you
to um
yeah so what you have to do
is this one this
hash
F okay it's starting to make sense but
the thing is
okay cuz when you whenever you learn a
software like this you kind of have to
think
about how were they intending me to use
this because it feels like the workflow
is not to just put everything in
variable Studio but I feel like what
does this do oh yeah so but without the
but so I don't know this should like if
these are exclusive
whatever okay so
uh this is going to be a center bolt
D was last on
okay
um so now we extrude this by wall
and then okay and then let's just get
fast okay see this is
bottom so we're going to draw a circle
on here click one this
uh plate dim minus
wall uh
extrude that's going to be an ADD and
it's going to
be uh it's going to be uh bottom plate
height minus
wall
great so we have
that then what was
this oh this is some weird things should
we design the
pillar H I'm so it's hard using both
panning
um yeah so it was all a project or
something I don't know why don't we do
we need
I think it's better if we don't do an
indent I'm going to try no
indent inest holes so all we need to do
is
then draw
circles circular
pattern okay so let's do that so what we
need to know is
but how do we
know oh is it this sketch
no that's weird how do we how do we know
what the distance here is okay can I
just draw a sketch on this
plane revert position and then I want to
hide
everything oh wait oh wait wait this is
what you do I can't believe I didn't
learn this you you type
v v is the pro
Str so I'm going to project
this we get these circles and okay I
want to draw a construction
line here to here and then a distance
measurement from here to
here okay so it's five away
okay so what we're going to
do just draw a sketch on
here
normal we're going to draw a circle
here and we're going to we're going
we're going to make everything a
freaking variable so I do one and then I
do um oh you have to put hash okay and
it's going to be um pillar ho
D and I think it is probably like
one
150 so it is a little bit annoying
that cuz I just want to make everything
Global but whatever let's just keep
going so then
um from here to oh nice we get this
automatically this is going to
be pillar hole
oh wait this is
1.5 no it's not oh it wait wait did it
Define it but not oh no it should
have select the mirror line select the
enties mirror
nerd great am I has it been
done yeah it's been done okay so
now
um we extrude them and then we circular
pattern them and then that's it so we're
going to take this wait what
and
then this is how we do
it so you don't click on it so yeah you
just got to unlearn things okay but
that's
fine wait
what oh
yeah okay so you have to switch it to
remove so we do that now we do alt C
circular pattern entities is to pattern
can I do this
Extrusion new remove entities to pattern
I can't do
features what
infusion I can um do circular pattern
and then click on features but uh in on
shape when I try to do circular pattern
and then click on one of the ex the
features in the timeline it doesn't do
anything how how do you circular pattern
a specific feature
wait does it have a thing did I just
totally miss
it part P oh bro so I feel like this
dialogue is hard to
read and I just click this and I say the
axis of pattern is um this the instance
count is for
okay yeah we're done all right great so
now we have
that okay now we need
to okay so all right so what is required
with bottom plate
we need to just add the
pillars and design
them then we need to add oh oh we'll get
into gears this is going to be fun
man um we need to add the
stepper The
Hub okay I know what's I know what's
going
on
for
e for
okay
so
um in on shape when should I make a new
part Studio Tab versus just try to make
an A Part within a single part Studio
deciding on whether to create a new part
Studio tab or add Parts within a single
part Studio depends on the complexity of
your
design if the parts share references
need to be designed
together it's more efficient to create
them
yeah it's just one of those questions
like in software development where it's
like how abstract do you need to go it's
a very complicated answer so or it's
very yeah it's dependent
um I think we
could so let's we're going to do the
pillars right
now and and
the okay so and what we're going to
do
uh are aliases bad or good I mean
they'll update no matter what but
um okay so let's Okay so let's do this
so we're going to sketch on
here wait
yeah I'm going to
draw a
rectangle
oh
okay then do we get to use this we got
to use this so let's um
okay wait so
uh pill
pillar but
print is
20 and then
[Music]
what the hell is going on here I'm
pressing
enter oh why does it always do that why
doesn't
that's
wild I don't really get that at
all
um so we're going to take this
plane and we're going to extrude it by
wall and it's going to be a
new okay then we're going to draw in
here
sketch and we want to know finish sketch
we want to edit one of these
pillars hey
yo it's 12 and let's just look at this
first sketch it's is it
centered no it's
not okay
[Music]
um wait wait no for
oh oh yeah create
variable wait
12.5 this thing is 20 right
oh to the
center I want to keep that defined but I
want to delete
this no no
no wait
what Piller to Y AIS side
okay and then this I think should just
be driven
right wait it's oh it's it's easy to
uh this this over
constrained cuz somewhere hidden in
here what is that I wish it would tell
me what that is
how do I see
what okay well I think it's fully
constrained right so
uh
um okay so we can extrude this
now and so
uh total pillar height and then so we're
going oh wait so we're going to extrude
this
it's going to
add it's going to
be it's so weird that okay well actually
this is fine we can just make this
SN total pillar height Miss
wall okay and
then you fill it
what and it's going to be pillar Dam
over
two making that five and five yeah we'll
use the M2
by
whatevers and then now we want to do
another circular pattern
and we want to pattern
parts
around
this and if I can I just move these I
guess they're locked down but I don't
know how to tell how they're locked down
something that I always forget to do is
like when you're defining the
variables you want to Define them for
what they actually are but then it it's
so much more convenient to Define them
with clearance cuz that's what you
actually want to use but anyways I
always forget to just make add that
intermediate step of you you make two
variables one is the actual Dimension so
that you can like refer to it and
remember what it is and then the other
one is the one you actually use when
you're writing stuff
down like for instance what I'm about to
do is see
what this radius is
22 or
11 oh 11 so
um so what we want is to say and
actually do we want it to be from
here 11.5
23 I guess we want we want to do that
one let me see what I actually have and
that would be the same as figuring
out how big this holds so yeah so we do
23 so it'll
fit so
we'll say the notch hole is 22 so we'll
um so you click enter Then you have to
come back around I don't I don't really
get
that um and this is going to be 22
it's not clear that
this yeah it's the to I don't know if
yeah it's the yeah the total clearance
ad so it's if you're changing the radius
is over
two uh
okay so okay let's go back and look at
this sketch where does this get
done um I actually love the left click
being the pan that's so much better than
the
shift okay okay so yeah so we're doing
this based on the gears
is
well we have the advantage of knowing
what the gear sizes are but if we
didn't well let's just still set a
um stepper to Y AIS is
being no but then the gears would have
to be defined in terms of that so what I
think we want to do is we want to define
the two
so and then hopefully when we generate
the gear we can actually set the pitch
diameter to what we to the parameter so
that we okay so let's see how do we do
gears in on
shape welcome to another on shap the why
don't I just search gear
bro oh hell
yeah you can set the module I set the
module to two the pitch damer oh SI and
we can put in a nice okay dude this is
actually wait I think you can do that
with
uh I'm pretty sure you can do that with
Fusion oh yeah okay so let's um but you
can't Define one in here can you oh you
can heck yeah sometimes you can
sometimes you can't it seems like
um
depth
oh
um wait can I actually do this can I
play around with a gear in a new part
Studio Let's uh new part
Studio okay we're just going to
do alt C spur gear okay it's going to be
the number of teeth are wait it's a
module of two oh wait what the it's a
module of two the pitch diameter is 30
right no no no is it 30 hold
on
yeah the pitch diameter has to be 30
because there's 15 teeth in the module
is two and wait can we
the pitch diameter the size ratio module
is the pitch diameter over number of
teeth so yeah if the module is two and
the pitch diameter uh yeah is then 30 so
we want this to be
so yeah so let's just say small pitch
small gear pitch di because we only have
two types of gears in here and this is
going to be
30 I don't know what the pressure angle
is and root fill it what did what do I I
I don't remember what I do I think I do
I do 0. five whatever we'll leave it
like that uh the depth the depth is that
is actually true and I want to make that
a um gear
depth is five yeah that's that's
actually good
uh and the question is this oh this is
uh yes uh small gear tooth count is
um oh and they have wait do they have a
uh wait oh they have the chamfer
too dude okay they're gears are way
better than Fusion gears because I think
is do they have Herring bone double
helix Herring bone dude they just have
the feature to do herring bone
gears I bet they're API dude I want to
get into feature script now I bet I'm
going to come up with some nasty feature
script
stuff okay well we don't want this
though
um Center board we get we get a board
diameter uh I think I don't want that
because I think I'm just going to add it
myself so this is the whole thing right
wait hold on this is a
pitch and then the module is
two the module is uh yeah we'll just we
could just Define another gear module is
two
okay I think that's it so now what we
want to do is we want to do all this Hub
build the
Hub
e
e e
okay so now we need to
um all right so let's just do this thing
so you sketch on here normal wait
what
oh uh normal let me draw a
circle
and okay so we get that tangency which
is cool I wonder know the distance
between this and this okay so that's
standard and then I want to know if I
were to draw a circle oh wait yeah if I
were to draw a circle wait if I change
that does
it wait is that a can I edit
that change to driving
Dimension right yeah that would be weird
that'd be bizarre as heck
wait
redo or wait no
we okay so wait oh so okay wait if it's
gray like that oh wait hold on yeah if
it's gray then it's
driven wait is that true
no wait let me start from the
beginning select the sketch pin
Circle we go like this okay now we draw
a d here okay it's black so if it's
black then it's a driving Dimension if
it's gray it's a driven
Dimension but since we have the tangency
that's why it was um whatever and it is
25 because it's two times there but so
what I wanted to do was I want to get
the distance from this I'm glad they
keep that
highlighted cannot Dimension cannot be
created between these two
things okay wait what if I just draw the
circle that has
tangency here
right because there's a little bit
extra and then I draw the distance
between these two circles is two right
so just to remember how gears work
there's a slight asymmetry in terms of
that
guess it's going to be that
point
wait
okay wow that kind of looks beautiful it
looks like the
sun um okay so now we want to take this
and we want to extrude it and the
annoying thing is that we're in a new
part
Studio I wonder if I can
just like I want to just take all of
these hold on can I
just move them up
here oh that's so hype and then I just
want to add
to wa if I just copy them and then I go
into part variable studio and I paste
them
dude this is what I'm saying bro if
every if everything was just an
expression and you're just passing
around Expressions
uh add comment show dependencies that's
kind of
nice feature script is it feature script
time
oh cool you get logs about like their
rendering or whatever that's
sweet but I feel like it makes sense to
um but what what do we actually need
from here is the question we want the
height because wait actually but the
height is supposed to be to the end of
the shaft so in the shaft wait but it
the the notch
uh how do I just search my
parameters create a variable I mean
oh oops
um oh linked document
what okay I didn't really get
that um
so we want to extrude that so that the
total gear
height
is what does it actually look
like does that go in there I don't think
so
can we get a
crosssection so
we want it to sit
above and we still want it to be
20 so in this channel you have the notch
which is 2
mm then you have the shaft which from
the the distance from
the is that what we're calling the shaft
height
I wish it showed you the
expression cuz some of these have
Expressions no maybe
not um
stepper shaft
height wait can we just measure it
again wait I gotta I got to stop using
that as a
crutch this is 22 yes so step stepper
shaft height this is from the face with
the mounting screws on it so let's just
say
that the distance from from the top of
the shaft
to
the stepper face
the that has the mounting
holes and
so so that means that we're going to
have this is five this that's two wait
we're going to
have yes it's just going to be 24 which
is the height of the shaft height minus
5 so it's going to stick out
19 and so that means that we
want that means that we want
um this to be
okay so we're going to say um
H uh uh small gear
Hub
depth oh wait we have to do a
hash and this is going to
be
um shaft height minus
wall no no no no M wall minus gear
depth what oh there we
go sometimes it's not clear like what
the enter is going to do I feel
like okay fine I got to stop being so
hesitant if if problems happen problems
happen
so let's first um draw a
circle this is going to
be the
um oh yeah this is just going to be wait
uh if we go to
this and we want to know this okay so
shaft diameter is five
H that's so annoying dude you expect to
double tab because okay just open up
Excel wait actually I don't know if I
have some dude yeah on
shape okay in Excel tab brings you
over I don't know why the heck
they I don't know it's just so silly so
shaft diameter is five
and then in
here
um uh
shaft stepper
shaft
gear
clearance and then you have to is point
to
so we go
here Dimension this to be
uh shaft diameter plus uh
shaft uh
clearance
great now we uh extrude this
uh blind
flip remove I always forget that blind
up to
next
no through
all wait up to
next
enter okay
wait this is the top
view
okay so here we're drawing a
sketch and we need to
um well we're trying to do M5 right
so really
M5 why does that sound so big
okay for
okay my bad my
bad
okay so um
so if we're do an
M5 the M5
nuts and
then uh the the I remember it's 16s that
you need
because um
uh okay and then we should probably
write
down the distance to
uh
e
e e
the distance of 5
mm and finally what I'll do is I select
this line of this rectangle and I will
select this point holding down and then
to those two objects I apply the
midpoint constraint and then I can
finish the sketch I now hit for and I
drag down this profile by 10 mm um if
you want to make it a little bit more
parametric what you can also do is
construct a midplane between the top of
the mounting Hub and the start of the
gear teeth and then extr up to
that well the question is okay so let's
um
let's
um get
down the
height here okay
so
[Music]
um stepper face
to
um to shaft
Notch is not
so that means that you only have to be
four but then the diameter of the
um so um let's thing about this is like
you have the gear
oh jeez that's
terrible okay wait you have
the
this so
but what do we say it was nine so that
means that
there's four left over so then the
Notch from here it was four so
um so if we put the hex nut down
nine or wait let's say
10 cuz what the because the
hexnut uh
when a when you measure a hex nut
there's two ways to measure it's the
flats distance and what's the other one
called where you measure point to
point point to oh it's just called a
width across Corners
okay
so
M5 hex
nut with across
corners and this is going to be
nine where sh
okay so then
um but the but the
inner since the M5 the inner should be
five so that's 2.5 so if we're up N9 9
minus 2.5
is
6.5
so
um what what does that mean that
means that
6.5 okay wait so where so here's the
shaft
um here's the top
wall
um the
notch starts here and that's
nine and there is this one
it's irrelevant we should just ignore
that thing so then what but what we're
saying is that from the top right from
the top wall we have
nine
to
of so then there's like a
okay so that means
that yeah so that means that the
distance between
here and here is going to be 6.5 because
the because the M5 is uh 2.5
radius so
um so basically we want to know if 11.5
is greater than nine and it is by enough
okay cool we figured it out we did
it so we're good
so where's the
10 uh gearhub
hex hex nut depth
uh gearhub
hexnut depth
Extrusion depth and this is going to be
10 so we it's actually going to be 10 we
said so then this is 7.5 which means
that it's 12.5 so anyways it's it's good
it's good but the question
is this
distance for between of the socket head
dude can we
please yeah I don't know why they
wouldn't
just much better that's how it should
look hopefully it saves its it hopefully
it saves my views like this because this
is way
better it doesn't have any of the XL
features someone just needs to sit down
one day and do that um
so the socket head OD is 8.5 so this is
8.5 which means that this is
4.25
okay
so so what we want to do
is
12.5 + 4.2 25 is equal to
16.75 and
16.75 wait what are we trying to figure
out we trying to figure out how much we
have left to the the top of the shaft so
the top of the socket head is going to
be yeah
15 15
plus
4.25 is equal to
19.25 so then that means that shaft
height which is 24 we only have five
left to the top of
the wait the five is
plenty
okay I think five is plenty so we can go
back to
this and we can start to
draw a
line a
rectangle or wait let's do Center
rectangle wait no no
rectangle okay then this is going to be
um the flats
distance plus
point over
wait let's make that a let's wait oh
yeah you have to freaking type
millimeters it's so stupid but um we
actually want to make that a
parameter uh how do I just make a new
variable wait can I do it within an
expression that would be kind of cool so
if I did plus
hash oh you can sick so uh
hex
uh uh hex clearance uh hex Flats
clearance it's going to be
okay
oops this is going to be
um hex
depth plus hex depth hex nut depth
clearance and we're going to say that's
point three as well I don't know if they
need to be
different okay now we want to say this
and this oh this and
this midpoint oh that's so so annoying
you have to do alt
C okay so what is illd defined about oh
wait
this okay so now we take this
going extrude this
remove this it's going to be
um the uh
hexnut
de press
Corners hex gearhub hex nut Extrusion
depth
okay so now I want to draw a sketch on
here I don't get a midpoint
here is that a
midpoint oh wait maybe I did get a mid
oh there you go
and this is going to
be um
M5 okay M5 whole diam and it's going to
be 5 +4
okay that's it right then you take
this
[Music]
and oh there we go select other
so now we need to
extrude
remove which one is which is the
question
okay so this one's the other one so this
one is not oh we okay so it's up
to then this
one
five awesome now we want to draw another
sketch on this face sketch
and and then we want to uh draw
a polygon inscrip circumscribed
polygon can we do we get this
thing yeah we get
it here we do oh
uh get
this get
this we want six of them
then we want to um take this and this
point I'm going to it's going to take a
while to unlearn holding control for
selections uh then we want to search uh
midpoint and then it's fully defined I
like that I'm not like messing up a lot
I feel like it I feel like things are
actually kind of the same okay except
you don't hold down you right click
select other
this and then you do an
[Music]
extrusion
remove and then I I would just want to
do up to face and then I select this
face
right there we
go you could just do up to next right up
to next Works Mo most of the time
up to I'm going to do up to
face is it
done yeah it's
done wait so this is what I was worried
about look how close that is to there
why is that the case this is 1.3 that's
way that's way less than 4.25
[Music]
um and what is the height of this I feel
like maybe I
didn't wait what the
hell wait that's only 19
should I just
um you don't really want the nuts
sticking out well that you can't have
the nuts sticking out because uh then
the thing won't
lie on there
so honestly I think you could go down to
an M3 I'm going to check it about check
out the M3
is oh you know what I should do this is
actually a good idea is just in is just
sit down on in a variable Studio One Day
open up a blank document and then
measure like all of these like a huge
number of parameters about the parts
that I specifically own because that'll
make life so much easier going forward
if I just have like specifically the
dimensions of all my parts as supposed
to just
like I don't
know
um okay so
M3s so it' be M3 by
16 and it would be uh M3
nuts I feel like this would be strong
enough
to hold the
stepper they are so small
though okay but these are kind of what
I'm going to use because the distance
the width across Corners is 6 mm 6.1 mm
which means that
that is that plus clearance is my
insertion depth of the of the hex nut so
that means that we would be able to lift
up that extr this Extrusion so if we
were to go back
[Music]
to
this oh yeah so we would change
that uh so it's
uh is it in here no it's in here we
change this Extrusion depth to be closer
to
um like
6.5 so that gives us okay and then we
would change
in this sketch
no in this sketch no in this
sketch it's this
sketch and you just want to change this
to M5 hold I am
we're going to we're going to change
this to make a a variable so that still
stays a variable but we're going to have
um
[Music]
um set gearhub gearhub
set screw
dim and this is going to
be 3 +
4 and we are going to
change so enter then we're going to do
this and this is going to be gearhub set
screw
diameter okay and then we finish the
sketch oh how is
there there's no hot key to finish
finish the
sketch so now we
have this
point Min distance is
5.8 that is certainly enough oh and we
did we change this depth
actually the Extrusion depth oh we did
change the Extrusion depth right
right yeah we changed it to 6.5 because
the width across
Corners right so what we actually wanted
was
um M3 hexnut with the cross Corners is
6 two I guess
6.1 and so what we're saying is it's
going to be
M3
plus4 and then why is this error
variable not found you have to move it
up
that's actually
nice why can't it find it
though
okay so this is done this Hub is done
but I'm kind of
wondering I wonder if I can do different
configurations
I've never done that we'll we'll watch a
video about
that e
okay
so let me see if there's such a thing as
a
uh um so yeah so I'm so glad we didn't
spend time watching that what I do want
to know is
um
configurations in
onshape I mean honest configurations in
onshape give you the ability to manage
variations of a product within a single
document using design driven choices
this streamlines the management use and
selection of these components throughout
your design process for example when
inserting a configured flange into an
assembly you can select the correct
variation of the product by selecting
Your Design requirements such as nominal
size flange style and pressure rating as
opposed to choosing from a single
complex list of choices oh
wo so when you wait so when you insert
parts and assemblies oh you get a it
generates this drop down that you edit
that's kind of dude and oh that's so
cool this also means that you do not
have to be an expert in manipulating
complex spreadsheets to create these
configurations this flange for example
in a traditional design tool would
require 570 separate rows to configure
all of the variations aail able to the
end user let's look at how on shape
streamlines the entire creation and
selection process for this flange oh oh
my gosh max PSI dude real designers they
have to they have
to I want to look up on shaped
simulations I bet there
simulations
um onshape simulation is fast easy
accurate and meanful for agile product
design
decisions this tool set allows you to
simultaneously design and analyze
assemblies in on shapes secure Cloud
workspace with unified CAD FEA and PDM
capability dude
imagine imagine if you had continuous
integration where before you could like
merge a part in it had to dude I never
thought about that it has to run a
simulation and then it has to basically
calculate for a certain points or
something that the stress doesn't exceed
some amount dude that is crazy I never
thought about that
before config continuous integration in
CAD bro that's so crazy nobody I feel
like very few people do that figurations
in on shap give you the ability to
manage variations of a product would
require 570 separate rows to configure
all of the variations available to the
end user let's look at how on shape
streamlines the entire creation and
selection process for the spange when
creating configured products in on shape
you define the input criteria that the
user will choose When selecting a
product to use through a combination of
lists checkboxes and variable input on
shape you process for the
flange when creating configured products
in on shape you define the input
criteria that the user will choose When
selecting a product to use through a
combination of lists checkboxes and
variable inputs using the list option
you can define a selection of nominal
pipe sizes for the flange you do not
need to create every variation of the
flange at this point just the 19
standard sizes for this list that the
end user will
select
from Once the selection list has been
created any
feat or parameter in your design can be
used to configure the product this could
be dimensional
values okay so what would I
do but what I want is
I mean yeah this is why writing a
program is so cool
because I just want
to I I want the I want the configuration
thing here to drive the the values of
parameters but okay wait let's just
suppression States formulas and even
input selections for features I think is
that what it's doing once the list
selection has been created you can
immediately medely start to see the
results of the input you've added to the
configuration selection above the
feature list notice there's no list of
created configurations rather you simply
make your design driven choices and
instead see the different variations of
the
product I don't see where he's using
because are
these I driven choices and instead see
the different variations of the
product the next selection the end user
will make will be to determine if the
flange has a flush face or not
configuring this selection simply
requires a checkbox to define a yes or
no choice this feature while simply
changing the suppression state of a
feature doubles the total number of
variations of our product while only
presenting a single option to the user
as each configuration input works with
all the previously defined
inputs adding in okay so wait so let's
just try to
um so wait
so oh configuration
variable wait
um
no features are configured
that's
some suppress at selection
folder edit
wait wait wait wait oh wait wait don't
we have a complect here actually gearhub
set screw
I so I want to undo this I don't like
this wait can I just delete
this we configure part studio with a
list so the configuration name is going
to be M3
configure
features
M4 and
M5 so wait let's just start with two
let's just start with
two
so select sketches or features to con
figure so which one is it it's going to
be well it's going to
be it's going to be this so it's going
to be sketch
three and four that were
mainly and
five okay so let's start with just one
which is
so wait let me okay so let's go
through so we have
M and then we need the uh Flats
distance okay so M3 hex nut
Flats that's 5.3
okay so what
we
um um
this is going to
be wait wait wait how do
we wait how do we configure
this I didn't really get what he did
selection process for the spange when
creating configured products in on shape
you define the input criteria that the
user will choose When selecting a
product to use through a combination of
lists check boxes and variable inputs
using the list option you can define a
selection of nominal pipe sizes for the
flange you do not need to create every
variation of the flange at this point
just the 19 standard sizes
is for this list that the end user will
select
from oh wait oh wait oh wait oh wait
okay so
wait we're not in a sketch right now oh
configuration oh yeah this is going to
be called
um be so called set screw
size
default
okay so wait so first we want to edit
this
sketch and we
want
configure Dimension so M3 we should just
be able to say
M3 minus hex Flats clearance all right
six so this is going to be or plus plus
X hex flat clearance then this is going
to be M4 so let's just change this to
be um we can't rename it in here
okay so invariable Studio we're going to
have to
um
M4 hex
nut plats
6.8 and then wait M4
hexnut
um depth wait do we need depth I don't
know oh we do need depth and I don't
think we have M3 hexnut depth too so we
need
hexnut whack
7.7 and what did I say this one was I
freaking forgot
already
6.8 and then we want the uh
oops M3 hex nut depth
ah what the hell is wrong with
me
2.3 and then M4 he nut
depth and let's uh
keep you can't select multiple at a
time that's in insane bro what the
hell oh yeah we actually have to measure
a whole bunch of
stuff there's yeah there's three for
each this is
gearhub is there a formula yeah see I
wish I could can I add the it's crazy
that you can't
yeah so my main two gripes at the moment
are once you like try to draw a circle
it takes like one too many clicks or
like two too many actions to like be
able to write a variable name and then
for this thing this whole thing this
whole variable studio is like kind of
mid I mean I just want to add the column
of like what the expression is so I can
like see it
um and then and then you can't select
multiple of them it's kind
of
crazy um okay so let's do the socket
head so I'm pretty sure these are M3 by
16s 5.25
M3 socket head
OD 5.25 what do we say the hex net depth
was
three okay we're almost done with this
boring part um we just need the
depth
2.8 M3 socket head
depth and this is two three this is just
three and
then we just need to do let's see we
have the flats the width
across we don't have the
depth oh we do have the
depth and then we just need the uh stuff
related to so we get our M4 by 16s out
6.7 M4 socket head
OD 7 no no no
6.7
h m socket
head
depth okay that's the that's the last
parameter I think and it's
four all
right so um
now we should be able to just change
this to
M4 oh no sorry
M3 M4
four and then this we configure
Dimension as well and this is going to
be M4 or
M3
M4 and can I see the value of
this they not going to tell me the value
um oh hex flat no that should be
fine can you name this
M3 hexnut depth
Okay
cool so that's that now we need
to go
to this
Extrusion and
this Extrusion depth configure this
okay that's fine but this needs to be
whack wait M3
whack wait no three
flats and then what do we
say plus two wait what is this value as
it is it's
6.5 wait what
extr that doesn't make any sense right
because the M5
nut oh no it is the um wait hold on what
is the Extrusion depth actually
I believe it's going to be half the
Extrusion depth needs to be at least
half of the
whack so yeah so the
gearhub Extrusion
depth must be greater than or greater
than um the uh uh
hexnut whack over
two okay
so yeah so then that that actually
checks out I don't know how I calculated
that but it's 7.8
that should be
good and then what else do we need to
um oh my God
okay and then we just
need this
sketch configure
gearhub set screw di this is going to be
okay
um 3.4 wait we can make this
5.4
3.4 4.4 we just do that
and then that should be fine right so I
think we're
good okay so now what we want to know
is wait wait this doesn't look right
I thought we made that Extrusion depth
way
more because what's the distance
between this and this point
4.8 the M5 will work
then so yeah so let's do M5
great and wait well let's just check
um oh
3.8 yeah so wait but let's switch to M4
okay first off okay so the
Extrusion this
plus
one why don't we just make it total why
don't we just put it in the
middle isn't that the best thing to put
it in the
middle all right so we're going to
change it to be
that so that that that actually is nice
because if we put it in the middle then
we don't need to have it in the
configurations yeah because you want to
keep the number of configurations to a
minimum for
sure uh okay so what do we do we just
delete
column and it's just going to be
what Hub
depth gear
depth Hub depth so it's going to be Hub
depth over
two so wait so let's delete this
column and let's just make
uh so which Extrusion was
it so this no matter what is just going
to
be
gearhub depth over
two so now we're going to switch
to
default switch to
M3 so wait so let's see can we get away
with
this
4.3
what
4.3 yeah so probably
M4
for e
okay yeah I wonder if you can add like
little tests to like
inure ensure that
um certain criteria are always met for
all the configurations because you can't
just look through them all so you
okay so we're done right this is this
part is done and we just want to switch
to mimport and then we want to check
these distances
again how do you deselect
everything on shape deselect everything
keyboard
shortcut I remember I thought I asked
this Escape does not do
it bro
what deselect everything on
shape or ACC
you have to like go out here I
don't maybe maybe I just don't know what
the
um okay wait but so okay we're not done
yet though because we need to now okay
so we're we're done with this we can
close this
right okay so now we want to do a
mirror part mirror feature mirror it
wants to be
this
this the mirror plane is going to
be sweet and now if I do
this that's awesome that is really
cool so now we need to go to here and we
need to put a
so wait so okay so this is one
gear and I want to move all these
parameters and I wish I could add an
index I I'd like to know how many
parameters I have
okay okay yeah so this goes back to what
is the driver
here
the all right I'm going to open up a new
part Studio can we rename
these um
so we're going to do a new part
studio and it's going to be oh you can
move these you can't freaking move these
in um Fusion it's like it's actually
crazy you get stockum Syndrome from
using bad software you just like learn
to deal with it because you got to do
other stuff but it's like it's torture
so this is going to be um the other gear
or the top
plate we could have this be the top
plate and so in here we're now going to
create a
gear and
um let me clean this up so I can write
on
uh what are we
doing so
we are basically trying to
add
[Music]
um a sketch
here do I have that Notch diameter thing
I think I
do Notch
height can I control F how does this
work dude it just defaults to the that's
fine that's not so
bad Notch height Notch
diam Notch
clearance okay so then what we want to
do is we want to do just a stepper Notch
hole and then we just want to make this
[Music]
stepper Notch
DM stepper Notch
CLE okay so that's what we're going to
do and
then and then actually what
um is it in here
probably oh my
gosh oh I want to look at that sket
is it this
sketch
no what is the sketch for this feature
oh yeah it's
this okay so yeah so we have
um but just say big pitch diameter is
130 but then this is exact but do we
have backlash on these gears I don't
remember when I did
um
module profile offset oh yeah
so um oh yeah and there's the uh
settings for that that's so cool I guess
there's configurations but oh and it's
all done oh this whole that's so cool
dude that's so cool that they spur gear
is just a feature that drives uh a bunch
of it's just a configuration it's just
like any other part they just have a
gear part and then they have a bunch of
configurations this is so much more
powerful so wait so I forget what kind
of uh for module 2 3D printed pla gears
with a um with a nozzle diameter of4 MIM
what backlash should I use for printed
gears
okay so we need to go
back
to
this we want to edit this and we just
want to go here backlash this is so nice
because in in Fusion you can't edit the
gear once it's been made well that's not
true but it's not this easy so we're
going to do
2 okay and it was fast too I remember
being kind of slow and
uh okay so uh so we're good
here
um top play I'm just going to make the
gear here so but okay
so let's put it all in here though big
gear pitch
diameter uh and
then do we have a gear depth
scoping bruh
okay okay let's just go fast who cares
so this is going to be depth is gear
depth
um number of teeth is going to be 65 the
module is
two uh I like that you can edit both of
these this is pretty
cool um root fill it that's fine 0.
2 um
I think we're good
here oh and no hole right yeah so sweet
now
um we are just going to uh do the exact
same thing I wonder if we could actually
make now see that would be the right way
to do it is
that I'm gonna add that to my Tod list
that would be really freaking cool
use
configurations to make oh wait what
would I really have to
do it would basically be a matter of
forwarding a bunch of
parameters
e
e e
what's up what's up oh man I've been
going for three hours already bro what
the
hell what the hell bro okay
so um this is so weird I don't know why
they did this you got to like update
it would it actually be faster for me to
just do it
no no no but it's actually not the same
part I don't know what I was thinking
the
um the gear that mounts on the top plate
is
not the Hub is
different
yeah okay
I don't even remember this part
actually um it's uh
this no wait is
it what the hell
what the hell
yeah so we just arbitrarily made the Hub
diameter 45
so what what what then okay so now we
need to know actually some placement
because okay so from the bottom plate
bot plate
to top small
gear should
be I think we designed it so that the
gear is up here right is that true I
feel like it is but is
it we
defined
redefined the
oh wait
wait what determined this Extrusion
distance small gearhub
depth oh there see I don't know why it
didn't show me the value show me the
value that's so much also these are
dependencies I don't know why I didn't
say that so it's going to be stepper
shaft height minus gear
depth wait shouldn't it be minus oh
minus wall
oh yeah yeah minus gear dep so so this
does mean that the shaft is going to end
right at the top it's going to be
flush so the distance here then
is
so so what does that mean do we have
this pillar height thing set up
yet um
do we have this pillar thing so what's
going on
here so the total pillar height is equal
to top plate bottom plate
distance
um and actually we are allowed to just
put that as whatever we want as long as
it drives everything
so um so if that's 19 up
and we want it to be 31 then uh gear
depth plus big gear Hub
depth should be equal
to uh it should be equal to
the top bottom plate distance top
bottom plate
dist minus and and then do we have a
variable for this in small gear which
is we'll just uh we'll just add it so
um this is going to be small gear depth
and this is going to
be wait wait wait wait wait wait we have
to be careful because
so what we actually want
is the gear depth to just be this
okay
okay um so what we're saying is it needs
to
be the gear
depth yes okay so big gear
depth wait no no no but there's
actually you have to be careful
because there's five of overlap so it
needs to
be big gear
depth is equal
to yeah
top
bot minus small gear
depth plus five or plus gear
depth okay then they will
mesh dude maybe it's just that I'm
getting better at this maybe I'm in a
good State of Mind
but I
swear uh doing this in on shape or maybe
just doing it for the second time I mean
the use of parameters is like at such a
higher level now I can think through
these designs so fast or well so much
faster than I used to be able to
okay so um yeah it's so annoying that we
can't like there should just be a button
like move
to like I know it's tough but
like I just want to move that to
variable Studio
I mean what it does is not that
complicated because it would just look
at the dependen well I don't know if
it's complicated but since you can query
the dependencies of a variable would
just by traversing the the variables and
all that I mean it's not that hard
e
okay so what I think I'm going to do
though is I'm just going to make the
gear
so we want to extrude this so okay well
okay here's where we'll find out whether
or not
we're
what what the
hell
oh
um let's it's going to
be okay so let's
um okay so let's let's do
this
uh for
okay so
um this Extrusion is going to be
um e
I don't know why it's not letting
me what the heck
wait
25 wait
31 yeah that's wrong
Wait no that's right oh that's only 12
okay is there a reason why we want it to
be yeah so let's just make the let's
just change
this to be
um
wait okay let's think about the
assembly wait wait wait wait
it's six
okay so we have the bottom plate we put
the uh stepper on WE bolt it down we put
the pillars we self self uh what is it
called self-tapping screws in all the
pillars then we bolt down
the top plate into this and so that's
going to be 5 + 6
+ 6 + 5 11 + 5 16 so we need
an we need a
M4 or something by 20
mm I that I have m5s by that too and5 by
20 but so wait so that means that it if
it's 20
minus 5 is 15 from down
there but the distance between there is
25 so the what is the problem why
shouldn't we do this
well one thing is that it was just kind
of nice being able to
hand
Titan or well it I I probably will be
able to get my tools under there so
let's just go ahead with that we just
saved 6 millim of height that's pretty
sweet um so now we just need
to we're going to make a couple of
parameters
for we'll make them like 4.4 we'll use
m4s I mean it it's so inconsequential
feel
like um but basically what we're
modeling now is
[Music]
um
is
uh I don't know where this thing is I've
messed this whole thing up but let's
just keep going so we're going to draw
on
[Music]
here and we're going to draw our uh and
then this actually does have a um
through bolt center
bolt okay then we
want another
Circle wait
what let's just do this too
ER yeah it's kind of interesting because
what we really want is a
function that lets
us but whatever we can just we just
remember
what wait is that already a
thing is this a
comma
random
[Music]
random for
where did I get 10 from I'm GNA try to
go more that
okay I I can't get to
it I can't can't get to
it
um oh yeah okay so wa in that to do for
this design that before I
forget is um
just let's just make sure that we have
the
uh cable Notch hole in bottom plate and
um mounting holes in
bottom okay
all right so this part is
done and big Hub big gear
Hub oh that's okay that's
irrelevant
um okay so now we're finally ready to um
this is going to
be big gear pitch
diameter then we are going to draw
another
Circle not like that we're going to draw
another circle like
this and this is going to be also a q
this is going to be small
gear um
right we can just delete
this nice
so yeah so this is right so we're good
here now we just need to draw a circle
here that is um click one and backspace
and then this is going to be
[Music]
pepper okay and then what we want to do
is draw
a
circle here and then those
[Music]
are let's turn off the fastness
3.2
I like there H there's so many things
about this that I
like so um
okay it's 15 and 15
is it going to be circular
pattern does it have to be from
there whoa whoa
whoa oh
no oh
nice wait but oh there we go that was
weird um okay so what I want to
do I want to circular pattern this
wait I'm getting confused
try one more time
no no no I want to change
this oh there we
go there we go
Bud we just need to make it four where
does it show the
just check
something it's hard to see those
is that going to work that's going to
work that'll do
bro okay so now we can put a
notch so we need to make a tangent plane
or
whatever e
so wait is this part done oh no it's
it's not done because we're going to do
a wire
here and what is the front this is the
front right so
yeah okay
so we need to do the bracket to the
bottom plate
the bottom plate mounting
bracket wow it's been three hour I said
I was going to be totally done with the
design by by
now
um okay wait so can we go to an assembly
file so we can close this right
yeah let me just do this so we can
close this we can just it's weird
because you can't close them you have to
delete
them that I feel like you probably can
close unpack rename move to
document okay so let's just do a new
assembly and we're going to just try to
put the um we're going to put
um we're going to put this and we're
going to put
this
and and then if
I wait assembly
two can I
you can you can do it on Parts but you
can't do it on
assemblies that seems kind of
weird okay so we want to join we want to
mate
um yeah it's going to be this
with
um
that I want to
reenable this and I want to solve
I want to flip
it wait wait wait wait wait
wait reorder
items okay oh that's so nice
oh okay so let's try it again
wait wait how do okay wait here
do I have to do I have to make these
parts in an assembly maybe I do maybe I
have to do that
first so first
so now okay now let's do a little
test wait what happened to the other one
why are there only
three what the hell
somehow I deleted
it I wish we could just group all these
together move to New sub
assembly okay but now if we do this oh
nice that's
cool
okay so now we should be able to
do
this
this this
okay I'm pretty sure that's
it can we do
uh interference AC can we get
a section
analysis there's got to be a section
analysis
tool for
this was 10 years ago
[Music]
wait why don't we
get why don't we get the planes that I
want who cares
that looks right why does it look so
fuzzy it looks
weird how do you disable it you just go
back to
this no oh you turn turn off section
okay so now we want to add
in small gear
yeah that looks
good what's up with that
though why does it look conical here
wait can we
um
oh it's just at an angle I guess I don't
know
wait but
actually wait we're just trying to
measure we're not trying to do anything
weird two Ms that's
fine
um okay so let's just do the top plate
then
yeah I I don't have a good intuition for
when to make a new part ofm Bo
oh
okay now we got to draw
and I kind of I kind of want to be able
to use my old
um like the top plate that I have now
it's just so awkward
that it's like off by 8 mm
like hey
it's these are Mo like Motors that go on
a drone they spin really fast and you
put a ball in there and it shoots it for
and then it can turn like this supp be
like this too
but a while
pretty
good go
walking cool I love that
I don't think went to that road go
we're already
right
e e
okay so
basically let's look at the other
design um how do we just open up the top
plate dud this design is so
up it's like everything is out of
reference
um open source the hell is
that
oh oh that's just going to open y oh
wait oh Pitch that's what I
mean so let's just activate this is this
its own file no so this is literally
just two sketches which is nice but it's
also
like and these are not mirrored right
can you see that
so so I don't know why we don't put
these out as far as we
can like we want to
maximize our
area so
what is sort of the maximum distance
that we could
okay so um
okay so realistically if we wanted to
make them as far apart as possible
we want
to then basically what we want to know
is so uh yeah so we just want to go look
at the sketch related to so turn off
this freaking
crosssection um we're trying to find not
these
holes but
this what the
hell there we go
um so this is
100 and then
uh was the pillar its
own the
pillar this made it a new part so we
want to look at this sketch
too okay so we have
100 plus
12.5 is the distance
to the pillar and the pillar's diameter
is 12 so we
have so this is going to be
112.5 and then this is um
12 so that means
that so that means that
um
106.5
is so let's just say it's 105 so what
we're going to do is we're going to
Define
um we're going to draw this which is
going to be
um oh but this uses a parameter from
here all these pillar things are um
whatever it doesn't
matter um
so now what do we want to do is we want
to
add mounting
holes we want to add a mounting
hole that okay so
so let's just Define a circle like
this are these the sixes the
15 didn't we do four of
them did we only do two of them
this is crazy
um yeah the question is really is like
because it's an unknown of whether or
not we can do it
but uh let's let's just say that okay
so we're going to do M6
hole and just going to be
6.2 6.2 is that kind of
tight I don't
know so this could be
106 minus 106 -
31 it's where it's tangent
or 112.5 -
6 -
3.1 oh
yeah
okay so now we just want to give like
two more millimeters of
[Music]
clearance D it's so annoying
two let's make it
um if it's an M6 oh wait so we we should
just think about it
so basically what we want is we want the
width across corners of an M6
nut so the m M6 hex
nuts here
for
yeah I gotta make some food I'm hungry
okay so we have these dimensions and
what we're trying to say is that it
needs to
be so this so this
number minus blank millimeters
so that's
tangency wait but the overlap no no no
no we need uh this minus
okay needs to be minus
M6 okay so this is where
and then we want probably one more
millimeter of
clearance
or 1 millimet of clearance that's
probably
fine so then this is where uh oh is that
exactly
100 dang so okay so that's kind of cool
okay yeah I think I want to build yah
only okay let's make this
construction and then we're going to
draw another Circle that's like up
here this is not construction but it is
uh
equal and then the distance
here oh wait it yeah so wait it's not
vertical so we need to
take this and delete
it make this 100
oh so now we get an
angle wait how do you do an
angle oh wait no we can do a
height what's the distance in the actual
one 15 let's make it 20
dude I like that they give me those
these mirror lines all
like for free
um okay
so yeah this distance is the same as
this distance so we're good
um so
we okay so the plan is that we mirror
that and that gives
us gosh it's hard for me to think of the
pan or the the Tilt design and the yaw
design the same so I think I'm just
going
to basically just go for maximizing
flywheel oh yeah we had to build the
flywheels and
everything there's way more parts than I
thought
um so what we're going to do we're going
to mirror those ACR so the idea is that
we're just going to
take
e
e e
bro this woman comes
over they come over like 45 minutes
early they bring up this disg ing pug
and it's just peeing over all of our
right now he's just going around
peeing on different little
things that I feel like I'm responsible
for this stupid
animal now now it's licking its pee it's
licking its pee yeah it's a pug the
mental faculties of maybe a fish
dude I don't I don't know how people out
of all the dog breeds are like I would
love a pug
so we're going to take these
[Music]
should we just
um instead of doing a mirror should I
just do a circular pattern on those
let's undo that so in wait in this
sketch instead of the mirror we can't
undo though is that for real
how do I rotate specifically 90
degrees if I just click on them and do
delete do we think that's going to
work okay so what we're going to do
actually
is and we're going to
do four of them
wait wait wait wait wait yeah this is
right okay now I wonder if I can just
select basically that
whole yeah I wonder if I can invert a
selection
okay I feel like I should just design
around this then
um turn pan only that means that gives
us
200 from 200 from the mounting hole
okay so should I just start designing
this thing we'll draw a sketch on
here uh let's go to probably the one
part that still works in this thing
which
is wherever it is I don't even know
where it
is uh it's definitely not that
it's going to
be it's this blue part oh
yeah I feel like I could do
um I feel like I could do okay wait
let's just see here
papa papa come
here
e for
okay so what what happened should we
just do half then why don't we just
build half and then mirror
it and then this needs to be seven okay
so this is the only thing that's not a
wall because I remember this geometry
was special but honestly do we even need
this
those magnetic encoders are
like yeah I say I think I'm going to
skip the magnetic encoder and we could
just come back to it because the mag
those features are just
um they're they're not crucial
Dimensions so what we're going to do is
we're just going to build
Jesus
for
e e
yeah this thing is just just humping the
ground
bro dude right
disgusting oh my God I this like I don't
know it's just like dud it's just
I just can't breathe and
it's humping the ground bro it's just
like what the
dude worst dog breed
bro
Chihuahua bro it's like why not get a
dog breed that's like exactly that's
what I mean it's just
like it's just been bred to be the worst
and I like dogs but like I like dogs
that are actually good
like this thing is just
like all I know how to do is eat
and
pump come here come here doesn't doesn't
just doesn't know
just staring at me
dude God they just they're just so
they're just so
dumb okay so um wait are we on a sketch
okay so wait this is the top of
this yeah it kind of placed the gear
weird but that's fine all right so we're
GNA what was this oh yeah okay that's
fine but what was is not fully defined
wait
what
okay so now we can draw in
here and let's see how do we want to do
this those holes are going to be there
wait
shift
seven or wait actually I want to look at
the
front I want to look at the
top okay so this is the back I guess
BR I can't focus with this
whatever
okay so wait what we want actually to
do right okay so we need to make this a
parameter
right so this is going to
be top plate Mount hold mounting hold
distance from Center or something like
that so
like
pop we're letting in in our house
because she's doing us a favor but it's
like it's like things got piss all over
its feet and it just walked into our
house
wait what did I name this
thing top plate mounting
Hole
uh
great so this needs to be top plate
Mount hold distance Center okay so now
we're using a parameter there which is
good because what we
need okay
so the the theory of mounting holes
let's say we have just a rectangular
piece of
plastic then we have two
circles and these are going to be 40 a
part Center to
Center um the question is how big do you
make the
rectangle for these
m6s okay actually I'm just going to ask
chachy
BT
um know it depends but if I have uh if
I'm doing 3D printing and I have M6
holes that I'm going to be using us uh
uh nuts and bolts to clamp two M6 on
different plates down to each other um
how much clearance do I need on each
side of the bolt for it to be like
structurally
sound no no no okay clearance is not the
right word what I mean is
um no what I mean is for the bracket
that's that's going to be connecting the
two how much distance do I need of Sal
of material around the hole uh like to
the edge of the bracket for it to be
strong oh dude hold
on whoa 1.5 to 2 times the bolt
diameter and what is that based on
okay so let's make a
um let's make a parameter for that
actually
so so
uh we want uh basic we want basically
what did it call
it Edge
ratio mounting whole Edge distance
ratio and this is not a length it's a
scaler and it's um let's just make it
one okay so if this is
6.2 do we really need to do that I feel
like using this is going to be harder
than anything
else but so
fine let's say that then this distance
needs to
be 6.2 * 2 and same with
this
okay so I'm going to just do this in a
new I'm going to do this in a new uh
part Studio because I'm having I'm
having trouble
okay so here's the plan so this is going
to be
defined the width of this is going to be
defined in terms of the whole
diameter
okay I'm just going to do it on here
this is stupid why why why would I even
do this okay so we're going to draw so
we have a sketch on here we're going to
draw a
rectangle it's like
this and the distance from wait do we
even get this can I do
this but I don't get the circles I don't
really get how this
works what if I just uh
and then this can go to there it doesn't
actually matter and it's not
Q so
this can can this move up and
down but this can move side to
side and so what we're going to say is
that this
distance first off wait we didn't do
this right at
all we're going to get a
rectangle it's going to be like this the
distance oh wait wait the problem
here cuz this is the top
plate it just makes it more annoying
that we're doing it with at an angle oh
you know what I could do
though I could draw everything relative
to no whatever so we'll we'll just do
the tri trigonometry ourselves I guess
so this is 20 up so the first thing we
need to
do wait is make the distance from here
to
here um M6
um oh wait what we could do
instead let just do it like this uh
Edge
times M6
oh this so This does have a coincident
on the
uh is this the center point did we draw
it
here so we want this to be wall
plus um for
um oh yeah
yeah
what dude why do they make these so
small it's like you can't even edit this
expression okay on shape has some donkey
behavior in it
wait wait I think that did not do what I
wanted why does it show me the whole
thing but then when I edit it it gives
me like 12
characters this is not right this is
wall wait but is this symmetric about
this thing we actually don't want it
well wait the distance from here to
here and the distance from here to here
we run it the other way
around it makes it so hard to see
wait I don't understand why don't we
just delete
this
what oh
yeah oh wait
okay so then you take this and you
extrude this by
wall wait this is going to be a new
part this is going to be wall
and it's the other
way okay then on
here all right we're starting to get the
hang of this thing
okay now the height of this
thing we can make this really
low there's no reason why I picked
30 for
okay so let's just do um y' only height
bro that looks
clean so wait the distance between the
center of
this no
11 wait wait wait let's just look at the
sketch is it this
sketch 11.2
I feel like maybe this whole Edge ratio
thing was kind of a
mistake the point is to know how much
okay wait
so
H this is driven
by for
okay so I actually want to add a second
set of holes
top PL mounting hold this Center uh so
we'll say this is we'll rename this so
top
plate top plate
outer and what we need to know is what
can we get away
with if we look at the original
model dude all of these designs are
totally messed
up oh yeah we still need to do the Notch
and the the mounting holes on that side
of
it Jesus there's so much left to do
but how far in can we
go well if this is 60 then that's the
only thing that's stopping us so we can
so okay so we have the
250 and then we have
the uh
60 and so it just has to be so the
inner Mount
hole must be
to Cent to Center must be greater than
30 and uh less and less
than 125 well really
100 so let's
take because you want it to be I mean
this the strongest is when you have it
as far apart as possible but maybe that
also means
that you're printing stuff too
big
um let's just make it at 40 let's just
do 40
so what we're going to do is we're going
to go back to this
sketch we're going to draw a
construction
line to
here and we're going to draw another
circle on
here okay and then the distance from
here to here
is going to be um
inner
wait
oh no you basically can't do
that so that means okay there's a bunch
of radii or there's a bunch of diameters
there's the pitch diameter then there's
the
what is the name of the diameter for a
spur gear where it's it's not the a spur
gear where it's the very most outer
footprint of it if you were to
circumscribe a circle so that it covers
all of the gear what is the name of
that it's just the OD so the
o of the
gear right you have to add the
addendum whatever
uh or right use
okay so it actually has to be 135 over 2
is what 67.5 it actually needs to be
greater than
67.5 cuz
otherwise otherwise to to mount
something on the top plate you would
need to
um you need to take off the gear which
is like really
annoying okay so we're going to change
that so first off let's undo all of this
so that this hides
okay now we're now it's back to being
fast so we just need to go to this and
we need to change this to
be M6 wack over plus clearance so it's
going to
be
uh gear or big gear yeah big gear
OD over
two
plus M6 wack over
two plus
clearance wait so should we just Define
a
um okay if I'm using an M6 hex knot that
has
a a width across corners of 11
mm
um what's a good amount of clearance so
that
I uh to put around it so that I could it
can uh whatever I'm just GNA do like
let's just let's just Define it it's
like so easy but just say M6 wack
clearance and this is going to be just
like
two so then uh so then
um
um so this needs to be and it needs to
refer to the big gears atter diameter
if I have a module
to uh 60 uh 6 65 to
gear how can I
calculate
the yeah it's okay it's 130
four for
teeth plus
addendum times
module teeth teeth okay
so teeth is going to be
Oh wait we're gonna have to
um that's the number of teeth then plus
addendum times what times
module wait
134 that needs to be over two
wait this is the this is the
um so
um oh wait what did have it the other
thing named as um top plate inner
mounting
for to
Center so it just needs to
be big gear out of diameter over
to
um
plus M6
wack over two plus wack
clearance all right
nice okay then we just mirror this along
wait why isn't our
line why don't we have our construction
lines whatever for
wait wait wait wait is that what we
want we don't want it to be on that line
we want it to be forward so we want to
change the
angle okay so what we actually want
we're going to delete this I'm going to
delete
this I'm going to draw
Circle that's going to be
driven the but the
distance to hear oh no
this distance needs to be
[Music]
inner okay now what is is it just the um
where's the Little X I wish sketches
gave you a
little the hell is the X
I should have just mirrored the
Extrusion I always mess that up
uh yes finally
steampunk Copper gear vinyl I don't
know so um
okay but what we' actually want to do is
we want to make that way
wider so if we want to go back to this
sketch we want to change so this is this
just a random Dimension so we want to
say so wait so then this Dimension needs
to be driven right
what happens if he changes to
21 or like
30 or
50 at some point it caps out at 45
degrees right okay so what we want
is top plate
mounting
B 2x
AIS and so right now it's
20 what is
it in the feeder is that where it's
at is it
this can we open
it bro why can't we open it what the
heck okay Finish EDI in
place wait how do you what the hell
why
isn't wait how do you
even something's
bugged because middle Mouse button is
not doing what it's supposed to
do oh my God I'm going to restart this
thing
dude look at how many parameters I have
this is
insane oops
all right so I just want to reopen it I
just want what what is it that I want to
know I want to know the width
okay part of the nice thing though about
doing a project this intricate is that
there's so many things to do that you
can usually find something to do while
you're waiting for your print like this
software or Hardware or whatever there's
other stuff that you can do actually
speaking of
okay yeah see now that middle Mouse
button is
working 70
across so
um we could try it we could try it 35 it
wasn't even that bad
oh whoa
I kind of love that but like no I
don't what
you s like hold
on wait
remove wait wait
cancel oh no wait
okay that's fine but what I'm trying to
do
is is it this no it's not that it's got
to be this
one but why don't we get
I don't get that can you not do
it no there's absolutely no way that's
true here and I'll prove it
so then why is so wait can we just
delete this this is totally useless
oh oh
oh
okay
nice I mean I actually like it the other
way around but you know it was
unintended so I didn't
really
okay so now
okay so it's 100 to that thing to the
center of the circle
right the mounting hole what is the name
of that parameter
top top plate
outer top plate outer mounting hole
distance to Center is 100 mm
exactly so then it's going to be 100
minus what 11.2
yes this is and then
this that's 11.2 so what we need to is
then we're going to extrude this thing
by 100 minus 11.2 and that'll bring us
to the
center so we're going to go here
wait is that
and this is going to
be whatever it's called
top this to
center it's so funny because it's easier
to remember the numbers than it is to
remember the names
should we make a measured
thing okay wait I'm going to I'm going
to keep it like this but we're going to
go back
[Music]
to this is called y' only e
no that's
over oh minus wait no what
[Music]
9.4 my math is so wrong what this is
100 oh wait wait
wait what we actually want to do is not
that because that's the wrong thing what
we need to do is we need to go back
to we need to take this distance
on
is that right yeah that's exactly right
because that's
like that's definitely the difference
so you need to make this a
perimeter
e e
oh I'm starving okay so can we just
um I thought there was a button that you
could
like make it a
variable that's actually
nice copy
table that's pretty nice it's not like
an expression or anything but that would
that would scare that would scare
designers
okay freak it I'm just going to copy
this wait I don't actually I don't
actually know if that this is convincing
myself because I mean I I I know I just
check the distance of this to this it's
9.4 which is like exactly right
but
okay
oh the distance from this hole to the
front of this is
11.2 and the distance from here to here
oh is that what it is let's go to sketch
four the
distance from here
a is
90 okay he's 90
bro I see
is there a is there just
a huh
okay it we're just going to do
um wait actually can I extrude to plane
why don't I just extrude to plane that's
what that's what I'm going to do so
instead of this we're going to edit this
and it's going to go to
face I want to
select extrude to
plane
uh up to part up to
vertex
okay
[Music]
for e
okay great uh is this all no so now we
need to dress on here
okay and we need to draw a this this A
Center Point
okay so the question
is first off look at how wide a part
this is this is a huge huge
print for these motors I don't know why
so maybe I should make it 30 so if I
were to do this this is so great though
because I it is parametric so if I just
went in here and I just
changed the top mounting Place hold to
x-axis distance to
30 and then we went back to top plate
is that that's got to
be
78 oh yeah because the holes themselves
are let's make it 25
yes the problem is we have kind of
um this is almost
done so um
yeah perfect they're 50
apart yeah I love that this is all about
inequalities kind
of oh and then let's um
what
oh I think it was this that had a ton of
bodies we want to group them
um
e
e e
I'm hella hungry
bro yeah I think I don't want to do this
oh no no you know what I need I need an
assembly file
okay I'm back so uh and then this
assembly is just
theer I don't really get what they want
me to do here like I want to hide these
I want to fold them down
like I don't really get it I think move
to document is probably what I'm
but okay so we're going to create a new
assembly
file and it's going to be
the we're going to name this
the flywheel
assembly okay so we need to first we
need to insert
this okay then we just need to import
and actually I'm going to go to
grabcad and download I don't even
remember where I put these
things but yeah we should just put
it in here
for
oh
wait where did it
go wait no see this is the
I didn't want
this oops
sh
[Music]
wait I don't get that at all how does
the import system
work see when you do this import to this
document I don't know how you end up
managing you're going to have like a
thousand of
these whatever so so you
oh wait um
okay but now we need to offset a
rotation
about
Z I can't tell CU this highlighting it
makes no sense
presumably that's correct let's try it
with Plus 90 or let's try it with wait
let's just okay
okay that is
right great so but
now we need another assembly file called
top assembly I
guess cuz you can't
import the thing in here or you can all
right whatever I'm just going to do this
again and this is going to be called top
assembly and then I'm going to
insert the top
plate and then I'm also going to insert
the
BLS wait can I not oh
so
what basically we just need it to be
wall plus wack over two plus wack
clearance but they're not m6s they're
like
M3s
um right so if this is the outer wall
this is the inner wall we have five and
then we want
um then can I
oh see that's what I'm saying is why how
come I can't wait if I do if I do this
does it move the rest of
them
no how do
I position
two switch to this means you um for
I imported a step file into on shape and
there's a bunch of bodies and the
problem is when I try to move one of the
parts uh the other ones don't move but
is there a way to just group them
together right click on your imported
select the parts you want to move
together click the group button from the
toolbar
oh that's a good one I like that one
what are you doing step pile that's
pretty
good okay so in the
assembly you select all of these and
then you do all C group
oh mate
error is there a group is there an idea
of a group in part Studio my guess is
no yeah so there's no group thing
in part
Studio let me just look up
grouping next up let's discuss the group
command as mentioned previously the
first steps to an assembly are normally
inserting your first part or parts and
then fixing one part in general it's
best to only ever fix one part in your
assembly then insert in group or mate
the rest of the parts into place in this
example we have a Pneumatic cylinder
that we designed inside of a single part
Studio when we insert this into the
assembly I can click on the entire part
Studio from the list and all parts
modeled within the part Studio are
inserted at once
after we insert all of our parts we need
to fix one part in our case that will be
the pneumatic cylinder Barrel I can
right click and choose fix so now that
we fixed our first part we need to start
constraining all the other parts in the
assembly because this pneumatic cylinder
was built together in the same part
studio all the parts automatically come
in in the correct position in the
assembly but they are not constrained
you can see they're free to move in any
direction when
dragging many of these parts do not move
with respect to each other you may be
tempted to fix each one of these parts
but this is not the best technique here
we can click the group command in the
toolbar and select all the parts that
are fixed with respect to the cylinder
barrel all of these parts do not move so
we can use the group command to group
them together simply click the group
command and select each part that you
would like to group
together after clicking the green check
all of these parts are grouped you can
have as many groups in your assem as you
would like for example the cylinder rod
piston and other parts of this assembly
can also be grouped together these parts
move but they all move together as one
unit now that we've created the two
groups for this assembly we can use one
cylindrical mate to mate everything
together okay so why didn't mine work
what mate cannot be added between member
of same group
wait wait wait wait
wait wait I dude I am so confused no
this is
stupid wait how did we even get this in
here but we're in an assembly file oh
okay so what we want to do is
probably so we have one fastened thing
but we want these all to be a
group Okay
cool so now on the top assembly file can
we
let's just insert it
again um
flywheel BL
DC okay so
now I say I just pick a number I'm being
so I'm I'm taking so long on this
I need to make some food all right I'm G
take a
break some me out of
here no I come here come here someone
locked
me someone locked me out
of yeah Daniel kept
locking
e
for
e e
yeah I'm
back but I need a minute to eat I need a
minute to I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty
sure the distance from the center of the
BLC to the edge of that mounting bracket
is
50 or so
25 so then I need to make it 30 plus
clearance so it's like 32
I like that they have good educational
content old CAD is limited by old
technology everything is moving to the
cloud and for CAD to not do that just
doesn't make any sense do I keep going
through this pain or do I at least try
something
new when something better comes along
we're going to try it on shape is really
allowing us to get back to being what it
is that we're passionate about being
engineers
[Music]
young blood with the
marketing what is
this it used to be that you would design
Under One Roof and then manufacture
Under One Roof what we' seen is a lot
more
specialization expertise has become
fragmented and as a result each of these
people need to coordinate and work
together in the design process they can
be across the state across the country
across the globe and so people need
tools to be able to interact and
communicate we took the opportunity to
look at how the cad world had evolved
how product design had evolved and how
the Computing infrastructure evolved and
we decided to hit the reset button on
product design software
onshape is building a new generation of
CAD one that's designed for teams to use
everyone on the team can use it anywhere
on any device
anytime we're capitalizing on the
platform Cloud mobility and redesigning
essentially what CAD is to help people
design products faster easier and more
affordable 20 years ago when we built
solid works we built CAD on the modern
Computing platform the Windows PC it
runs is only on that computer when it
comes time to work as a team users have
to use all these schemes to copy files
check in check out it's kind of a hassle
and it costs them time today CAD still
runs on that Windows PC but people are
used to using their phone their tablet
people are used to working on multiple
computers and going into a web browser
dude I got to be honest people people
laugh when I'm like I would love to be
able to use cat on my phone teams are
built up and and torn down quicker
there's a lot more collaboration tends
to be a lot more contractors a lot more
consultants and so the rest of the
Computing world has changed a lot but
CAD hasn't and it's time for CAD to
evolve you know users they're like all
of us they're tired of trying to figure
out what's the login password for the
Data Vault cuz I don't use it all the
time and when I get the assembly all the
links are broken license fees
installations license managers do I have
the right version of part or the right
version of the
assembly I visit CAD users you years ago
I talked to them about modeling Cool
Shapes and cool products but in recent
years when I visit users they're talking
about all the hassles of Cad and it's
time to get rid of all that users today
expect that we should just be able to
access information and share and work
with other people real time much like
the way that Google does for working on
a Word document we've done that for the
cad world we get to collaborate on same
geometry which was never done before we
have found ways to break down our uh
modeling paradigms our assemblies our
models our features so that multiple
Engineers can collaborate on the same
feature which was never done in CAD
before
I don't even know what cutsforth
is we love Innovation here I'm making
something that doesn't exist that's what
we live for if you don't like change
you're not going to be happy here cuz
when something better comes along we're
going to try
it we make products for the power
industry brush holders shaft grounding
Solutions depending on the size of the
generator that we're making parts for
any delay of 10 to 24 hours is going to
cost hundreds of thousands of dollars
and we have a very small window in which
we can get in there and do maintenance
and install the parts that we
design if you start with a tool that's
prone to errors and prone to delays
you're just going to have that ripple
effect all the way down the
stream I use solid works for 15 years
and so I know CAD the problem
hello
e
e e
okay okay okay right
back all
right add some more water
sh
wait 35 to
there no that's not right what the heck
am I talking about this this can
be
[Music]
wall
plus M6 clearance is that what I M
no what is it called to Edge
Edge oh
yeah all right so this is just going to
be M6
ho because the ratio is
one but then you need
that seems pretty good to
me so what are we saying is that hold on
I got to switch over
okay
okay so what we're saying is that the
corners of
this the corners of this rectangle and
then what we want to know is the
distance between the
holes so let's just look at the oh wait
let's just look at the mounting
bracket and we want to know the distance
between
so if we're doing it like
this wait Center disc oh nice oh that's
so
nice oh my goodness that's so nice okay
so we want this to be
30 let's see am I still getting volume
okay so top
plate this is 30 oops
this is also
right
right it's got to
be oh but what's the
size it's three in
diameter um oh wait
how did we get this
wait this is driven by something
right oh
yeah oh yeah
why is that not
valid
what wall
I don't understand why that's
erroring
enter it's so I mean I mean this is so
bad these error messages are
terrible I mean it just says error
Escape doesn't seem to deselect
okay now I want to look at top assembly
oh I feel like it's hard to
navigate for
okay so that's
right so now we just got to mirror it we
finally are ready to mirror
it what the
does this one have the joint too
no
wait all right
so now we just have to do the
feeder I need to get my
broccoli oh we need to design the fly
wheel e
just that simple couple fillets makes
this thing looks so much
better
e e
e
e for
the hell
oh wow you get the
um for
yeah 52
parameters
for for
wait how do I want to do this
because I really want to make it correct
where the bolt is put in tangentially or
perpendicularly as opposed to just like
a hole through it so like if I draw okay
so let's go nor uh
enter uh
oops and then let's say
what is
that what is
that I don't I don't understand that
infusion you could
absolutely okay so what geometry can I
use that's that's the thing that I don't
this is the most confusing part of this
thing that I've run into is
like like I'm working on this plane and
I want
to so I want to sel this whole thing
oh there we
go so now this is a
midpoint oh wait I'm not in the sketch
wait what I thought I
said Oh Oh that's oh that's weird oh so
you don't get this point though wait but
you could say this
right okay that's so strange
wait we don't
have oh there we
go okay so projector is becoming easier
to
use but so what I'm saying is that right
here this Circ is going to be
perpendicular to if you were to draw a
line from the center to this thing it
would be
perpendicular
um so I think what I need to do
is basically we need to we want to
figure out how long the arc is and then
draw that
out let's say it's
10° if it's 10° of the
circle and the diameter
is 250 then that means that one over 36
is that
right wait that's not right 10°
really let me go look at the existing
one where are those freaking brackets
bro I don't even remember where I
modeled those
yes the radius but how long is the
distance okay wait if we were to we were
to
look is there a button for normal I
don't know
ah oh wow it's 40 degrees okay
so if we want to we're going to rotate
it by that many degrees over
two so we're going to make a plane
that's that over
two is that right
all right well let's try
it so I now that I know what's going on
here I'm going to undo this and we're
not going to use this sketch and we're
going to delete the
plane let's just let's just delete
these hello
hello dude what the hell
okay so we need
to oh that's useful P is for
plane line angle
plane point line
angle okay so let's say that
it's okay that just say it is
40° wait is that
right can I just get the length of this
Arc
81 see my math is
wrong how is that 80 I'm getting like
27 for
how is that
possible I have a circle with a diameter
of 250 and then an arc that is just a
portion around the circle uh and that
angle is 37
de um and basically I want to know what
is the length of that
Arc
oh
wait what why do you multiply
by wait no yeah that's just the diameter
times the
um oh my gosh I was confusing diameter
and
circumference silly me yeah yeah yeah I
was confusing diameter and
circumference okay
okay so let's just try
so okay so if it's going to be 40
degrees then we want it to do
20° oh
nice oh that's so nice nice dude this is
actually this is how it should
work
okay but so we don't
want okay so what we actually want is we
want to
rotate the other one so we want to
rotate this by what 110
but then we don't get an
offset but that's okay so we'll do this
then we'll do plane
again we and this one's a offset plane
we take this and then it's going to be
um plate Dam over
two okay now we can hide this how do you
hide
okay um so we're going to sketch on here
and then what we want to do is we want
to
project see what this is what I don't
understand why doesn't it give me
who wait and should take me
okay but that's what I'm saying is I
don't get this
use and intersection are two powerful
sketch tools that often need to be more
utilized each tool allows you to take
existing geometry into an active sketch
the created sketch entities are
parametrically linked to a source part
geometry this means when the part
changes the sketch enti is created with
use and intersection update
automatically to reflect those changes
so what is the difference between the
use and intersection Tools in a sketch
plane the difference between use and
intersection is that use converts edges
and face Silhouettes to the active plane
while intersections project faces onto
the active sketch where those faces
cross through the sketch
plane was that it what the heck
I don't really know why I was able
to okay wait you know what we can do we
just draw lines between
them wait why does normal not take me to
where I want to be
what the hell is going on
wait dude we we we put four of them
actually this is going to
be actually we'll do it from here
um
so what we're going to do is we're going
to now do a circular patter wait we're
going to
[Applause]
[Music]
um yeah I think we do want to do a
circular pattern we want to do one
circular pattern and then another
circular
pattern is this really five
mils for
why doesn't this work
there we go I don't know what
happened oh no yeah that's weird
okay
whatever now what we want to do is we
want to do um
wait we want angle to
be 40 and we want
two please tell me we can do
nice but wait that's
not that's going to be too big because I
was assuming that was the corners but
not not the holes but all right let's
keep it for now and then I I just want
to do another circular
pattern so
okay
so
uh for
dang bro I'm getting real
parametric and it's crazy cuz now those
holes
are
tangent that's sick
I just feel like I'm always
disoriented okay so now what we want
do wait should I draw sketch on
here no I can't do that but
uh oh this is so hard you have to
now
it's that time of the day more parts
Proto boards Proto boards come get your
Proto
boards wire we got
wires we got
wire
specifically 16 gaug wire because all I
had was
um 22 gauge and that just can't handle
the current
here's one
oh God please tell me there's another
one oh
nice
okay so we need to solder these
together and then we will have a Pico
debug probe so so that's cool and then
there's one more
thing it is just a pack of screw
terminals I like that they give me a lot
of
um
two and if these are rated for like 10
amps at like a crazy volt so that's all
good that's all
good
e
e e
okay oh yeah I forgot I really want to
do
this let's see if we can do that
no that's not going to work so we need
to
on sketch
now yeah that's a good
decision okay
so we need to do
this okay so let me just start with
Sketch can we project
this why not
uh well
anyways we can just
project for
oh okay but uh
wait how did I actually do it
why is this such an annoying
part okay whatever let's let's just try
something else okay so we at least added
these but now now we need to
add First
St
um okay
um so the flywheel diameter just
calculate the flywheel diameter uh so
the
distance to this top plate
okay so that means
that okay so you take that number over
two so 80 so
82.49 /
2 or wait -
5 over 2
that's that's the flywheel
radius so it's just
82.49 minus wait but that's that's not
right it's it's
um it's uh Plus
if you were to draw a line
is that what I
mean wait let's just draw a point
there wait where where am
I okay so what we want to
know is the distance between the center
of
this e
Okay so
it's going to be that 449 over
two uh minus 2.5
okay so the the thing that I want to do
is
uh okay yeah so wait was it really wait
no 82 oh 82+ 30 yeah
okay so what determined the whole
distance to there
where's the mirror
oh there it
is oh yeah okay wait let's also edit
this to be well
whatever okay fine so whatever
the
flywheel
um how do we how should we have the
flywheel what is driving the 112
okay so this is just going to be that
112. 449 over 2 - 2.5
wait
what wait really how big is the flywheel
right
now oh wait this is times two
is that
true oh wait yeah I did this last
time yeah you
don't it's not minus5 it's minus
uh there there's going to be 17 there's
going to be there's going to be
22225 - 5 is
17225 so this over two
so let's go fix the variable
wait I I think it's just
seriously what the dude I hate this
thing it's so it's somehow they still
have it so
bad e
okay nice very good
okay we're sort of at the second to last
part for
wait what does f
do what does this F do
does f do
something f is a zooming
operation I don't
know I don't really want to do that
I kind of don't want to
um go through building that thing
again I kind of just want to work on the
Raspberry Pi
get that rust encoder thing
working I'm going
to
e
for
e e
okay then we really got to build a
hopper okay so I say the next thing to
do this is an assembly
file for
oh wait in
the wait
what oh
really for
oh how do we do
this but then
offset and I click on a
face it should be 19 oh wait along
Z but we need to
flip for
what the
hell for
wait wait did I not do that
right oh it wasn't doing anything I'm
silly as
hell okay so wait hold
on we want a mate oh wait can
we this we want
F Well that is the shaft okay so what
we're going to do is we're going to turn
off this
make this
okay there's got to be a better way to
do this this is really
brutal oh that's nice actually they tell
tell you what's locked down and what's
not
wait what
I swear there's a faster way to do this
man
okay well I think we're
good has degrees of freedom but it it's
just a
rotation so we get a full
assembly and
now this turn no wait this moved we want
to
fix
it I don't
know
nice okay is there motion links
can we just
watch this is three years
ago to tall Toby hey what's up everybody
T Toby here and in today's on shape
quick tip we're going to talk about
recreating some of the mates from this
assembly now in our last video we showed
how we were able to take this assembly
from solid works export it using pack to
zip and then import it into on shape so
that we can continue working on this
project in on shape this assembly in
solid works has a lot of mates you see
there's a lot of mates here and
ultimately what these mates are doing is
they are allowing us to turn this tuner
this is a guitar tuner so that that Peg
up top will Spin and tighten or loosen
the string on the guitar well this is a
lot of meats here in solid works and
unfortunately none of those mates came
across into on shape so now the question
is how can we quickly recreate that
environment in on shape where we go to
turn this tuner and the gears all Spin
and everything works the way it's
supposed to work in the real world well
we can do this actually pretty easily in
on shape by identifying which components
are intended to move together and what I
mean by that is this component here kind
of this outside housing of the assembly
is always going to be moving with this
upper washer this upper bushing this
upper threaded part then this nut part
here there's several parts there that
will always move together and similarly
if I hide that housing we've got this
internal component here this uh screw
and this gear and then the peg up top
which will all move together and then
we've got these remaining components
that you can see here on screen the
tuner head itself there's a couple of
nylon washers here the spur gear and the
uh piece of Hardware here this machine
screw that's holding everything together
those are all going to move together as
well when we're mating these components
together so what that means is that we
can utilize what's called a group mate
in on shape so you can see we've got
this option for group and with group
what we basically say is that all these
components will always kind of be locked
together or will move together so you
can see we were able to select those
several components there and when we hit
the green check mark if we move any one
of those components they all move
together so let me use control Z here to
undo that now I think that this
component is going to become the
foundation for our assembly so I'm going
to go over to the tree here and right
Mouse button on that component that's
that kind of overall housing and from
the right Mouse button I'm going to
choose fix that way this component is no
longer able to move around when I go to
drag it let me also hide that component
so I can see some of these internal
components so now what I'm going to do
is perform another group Comm and I'll
pick this component this component this
component this component and this
component and then I'll hit the green
check mark and we can see that now all
of those components are going to move
together let me do a control Z to undo
that movement and then I'm going to once
again perform a group command this time
this group command will be on this
component this component and this
component and now whenever I go to move
those components we can see that once
again they are grouped together they
will all move together so now I will
once again do a control Z and now it's
really just a matter of us getting in
here and adding some mates between these
components and their mate connectors so
I'm going to show that housing once
again and I'm going to go to a mate
command let's make this one a revolute
mate so we'll choose here from our our
mate types we're going to choose the
revolute mate and that revolute mate is
going to take place here between this
end face of this component and this
circular Edge on this component kind of
bring those two components together so
that they essentially are related to one
another co- planer on these end faces
and then concentric I'm I'm establishing
a concentric mate between these two
components and now I'm going to do
something similar here with the uh with
with this component and with um maybe
what I'll do is I'll relate this to one
of these internal components so let me
hide this housing here I think what I'll
do is I'll create a relationship between
this component here this threaded kind
of sleeve component here and then the
peg which is rotating so let me just get
a quick measurement here the measurement
from this face to this face if I just
look down here in the lower right corner
I can see that distance is uh 10. 2108
so let's make sure that we kind of
remember what that distance is now we're
going to go to a re this is going to
take place between this pH and this face
here and we're going to say that that's
going to be at an offset of
-10.2
2108 and there we go that that creates
that distance Dimension between those
two and when we hit the check mark here
we can see that now this component is
also set up with a revolute mate so that
it's spinning correctly this component
here is set up with a revolute mate so
that it is spinning correctly now the
only thing really left to do on these
components is go into a gear relation
and with the gear relation in on shap
what we do is we pick two existing mates
so I'm going to pick that first revolute
mate I'm going to pick that second
revolute mate and I'm going to say that
that relationship is at a relationship
of 0.053 to 1 so I just type in the
0.053 and this is going to be going in
the reverse Direction here and now we
can see that when we go to spin one of
these components we get the uh we get
the results that we were hoping for we
see that when we spin the one component
the other component moves the only
problem here really right now is the
alignment of these teeth and so if I go
in here let me just reset both of these
revolute mates make sure that they're
kind of back to neutral and I'm just
going to go in here and edit this
revolute mate and just kind of adjust
the secondary axis so ni get lucky here
yeah like in this case I was able to get
lucky there and I was able to get those
to line up and what that all means is
that now if I were to go to a animation
of one of these mates let's say I go to
this first mate here and I choose to
animate it I can actually see what this
thing is going to look like as we are
turning that tuning key so we can see
here that one does a really nice job of
allowing us to use the animation option
let's increase this instead of a 360
let's make it get 360 * 4 for the total
rotations there and then let's play this
thing and there we can really see what
this is going to look like as that gear
is turning we can change the angle of it
this is something that I really like in
on shape hey if you like looking at this
kind of stuff be sure to hit the like
button on this video I think it's really
mix on shape a great tool for kind of
validating your designs and making sure
that all of your mates are set up
correctly but this I think looks great
and so at this point I'll stop that
animation and I think I'm now ready to
show that housing and move on with my
changes to this design or maybe even
reuse this tuner in a future design
because now I'm confident that all those
mates are set up and work correctly you
can see that instead of having that huge
stack of bro of like 30 mates we were
able to accomplish the same exact thing
here in shape just using a dude yeah
solid works just for
bumpkins solid work is
donkey okay so this
rotates and this
rotates so that means but where are
the you have this
and we
have this
okay wait what what what did what it
what was it called
remember what that 108 when we
hit that first re the gear relation
in wait how do I know
how do I play it
okay that's as good as I'm going to want
it how did he do
that what was that nudge thing he did
which was super
weird what we do rep five 3 to one so I
just type in the
0.053 and this is going to be going in
the reverse Direction here and now we
can see that when we go to spin one of
these components we get the uh we get
the results that we were hoping for you
see that when we spin the one component
the other component moves the only
problem here really right now is the
alignment of these teeth and so if I go
in here let me just reset both of these
revolute mates make sure that they're
kind of back to neutral and I'm just
going to go in here and edit this
revolute mate and just kind of adjust
the secondary axis so I to get lucky
here yeah like in this case I was able
to get lucky there and I was able to get
those to line up and what that all means
is that now if I were to go to a
animation of one of these mates let's
that's silly as hell but we're not going
to do it we don't
care all so we got to print one
two three
four five well actually the
gears wait hold on did I ever yeah I did
so we are going to need to print that
gear
we're not going to need to print this
gear oh wait yeah we are I think this
height is
different yeah so we need to we
everything on here needs to be printed
uh okay so now we just want to so this
is the assembly this is starting to look
pretty good
dude
um I feel like I might call it and print
and then tomorrow I can add the
feeder I can do the feeder and I can do
the
um the bracket the mounting
bracket
cool all right I'm I'm done to call it
that's
uh8 hours it's not not bad but I was
kind of goofing off for a lot of it
um okay so what do we want to do we want
to take this part and we can just export
it okay wait so let's let's
um set to rename these
things
e e
where did this come from actually oh
this is
here that's the one thing is exports a
little bit slower but I mean it's not a
big
deal um
I kind of want to check before I do this
top plate
thing is
uh between there and there is 200 right
so but let's go back to
oh
184 we might be able to swing it
that's a problem for another
time I am so I have this design it's
really this design and I'm redoing the
entire thing from scratch in on shape
and this is what it looks like so far so
we're getting close there's a lot
there's a lot of features that are new
that are nice uh my favorite is some of
the just the like little touches of
fillets uh these holes are done
immaculately they're also a lot more
symmetrical so I'm hopefully like this
cuz the thing is when I was designing
the P I sort of just put the holes for
the part that I'm making but now I'm
trying to maybe standardize it and then
the crowning achievement of today was
really that look at all these variables
we have I mean on
shape nudges you into doing better
design because it's so easy to make
parameters and
variables I really like how easy it is
to deal with
variables cuz then I because otherwise I
just hate using them if the friction is
high there then I just don't I just copy
the
number but then everything
breaks
um so this hole to this
hole it's 200
that's 154
oh you know what you could do you can
make this l or whatever this part go
forward a lot and then you could use
both of
them you could use both
sets and if you use both sets then it
doesn't really matter that the
um sear motor is hanging off the edge
there um but basically the problem with
this design is
that this extra whatever what is it 16
Ms I I don't really know what the it's
the distance from
here to here yeah
17 and if we could just get that on the
other
side cu the problem is okay wait do we
have the center
point
UH 60 7 to here oh yeah this is
67 this is
83 83 -
67 is 16 yeah so exactly so if we could
just
get so that's the um minimum amount of
distance increase
between not between the holes though
but between the
um yeah basically if you made this part
move outward by 17 mm then
you could have a symmetrical top plate
which is the which is way nicer because
there's so many problems that I was
running into with dealing with the fact
that I I was indexing on holes that were
like like like off center like if we
look at um it's probably on this design
actually is
it okay you can't really tell yeah
this wait
wait let me look at
this right no it's it's just about
the these holes are
[Music]
centered but then then this top part is
not right so I feel like I should start
with the
feeder oh but we need to actually design
the
flywheel U and then okay so wait we have
a I'm pretty sure we have a flywheel
assembly so we just need to put in the
call and all of that so
um so I want to
insert I have to import it standard
content oh
interesting
[Music]
um okay so let's just do it one at a
time so that I don't go too fast but
it's going to be the call it assembly
and it's going to be
the I wish I got a preview but I'm
pretty sure it's
this import to this document combined to
a okay why not we'll just move it over
to the
side I don't really know if this is the
right way to do
things okay so here's our call it
so we want to join or mate we want to
mate this to the top of the Sha to the
top of the
shaft wait how does it actually go let
me go look oh wait can I look from
here okay it goes call it then it goes
flywheel wait I thought there was a w
there was a bottom washer I must never
have put on the bottom washer
well let me just look at the
parts um let me just look at the parts
see easier so we have
the um
oh maybe the washer's in there all right
I'll take it
AP for
okay I'm almost the
bathroom
e for
okay so yeah so we have this uh the
Callet we made the
Callet to the shaft thing so wait is
this the assembly
file did we insert a document or a
thing we don't get P's we don't get
planes so
um wait so we want to insert the um the
Callet
wait
what oh wait
is that right I think that is right
actually I think there is a small Gap
okay and then the
washer we need to go to
import call it bottom washer and let's
actually just import all of the
okay so now in here
insert
the bottom
washer and how does this
go
basically
this
goes
no uh
wait that
goes it's so hard to get this wait why
don't I just turn off
the oh we need to group these together
dude this is so silly
wait are these all just
freaking oh
okay if we
mate that
to
that and you flip
it and then you want to offset it Z by
like minus point2 or something like
that we can turn back on the
shaft okay now goes the flywheel so now
we want to just um make a new part
Studio we going to call
this
flywheel
okay
um
um okay so let's yeah let's get it let's
hop into here and I
wonder oh the problem is I have no idea
where I defined this crap so let me just
get my
[Music]
calipers
um wait why don't we just look at the
flywheel um
honestly there's some things that are
just nicer about um Fusion I don't know
what specifically but it's probably just
CU I'm so used to it but I got to say
the left the left click to pan is is
huge though that they
totally caught me with
that okay here we
go yeah and then eight
.25 okay or yeah 8.25
so okay
then oh
wait wait no that's the shaft right
it's not the shaft but the uh
okay so let's uh finish that and then
this oh then we hole it okay so it's 18
wait why how did I not get
18 I did I did get S I got 17 and we're
making at 18 Okay so
okay
this is a
flywheel shaft diameter now we extrude
this face by um flywheel
depth then we um
and then flat and then how much is
that
12 I hate that it brings you to the top
every time
or
wait okay that's our
flywheel so
now in this
assembly we going to
insert fly
wheel okay and
now how does the oops what the heck
okay so we're
mating
that
with is this the right
way no it's definitely the other way I
didn't do this right
okay so wait let's cancel this let's go
to this it's this and we want to flip it
but then we want to move it up by
like can I inspect it top washer bottom
washer the distance between here and
here is eight so then we just want to
move it up by
eight so we're editing this did it flip
around for us
we want we want it like that and then we
want to move this up
eight okay I'm pretty sure that's
right okay then we insert the
flywheel
no wait wait wait wait what the
heck will you just do I
wait that actually might be
right now we need
call it top
washer where is it oh wait what the heck
is
this why don't we just do
this for
nice so now if we go to full assembly we
should see the flywheels
this thing is
badass this thing is so badass okay so
now we
have pretty much everything we just need
the last two
bits and then I can finally go inside
okay
okay are we freaking ready for this
we're going to go to the top
plate and then we're going to draw a
sketch on here we going to hide this
sketch you can
hide these
sketches okay we want to draw a sketch
on
[Music]
here what is
this I I don't like how it oriented this
this thing you got to be careful of the
gear
okay um maybe we should just design it
and then join it that that makes way
more sense to me but
then you kind of have to redo all of
this
so let's see if we look at how I did it
e
it's kind of funny how I did
it starting off with this
okay I'm goingon to I'm
gonna I actually like this document
thing I thought I was going to hate it
but it's actually not so bad you just
leave all the stuff that you don't care
about over here and then you just keep
all the important stuff in the
front um
I'm not going to do this for real I'm
just going to
um
e
e e
okay so maybe okay wait we're just going
to do this Loft thing and then I'm going
to go because it's getting
dark so
um the moskites are coming out so all we
want to do is just try this Center Point
Loft thing cuz I don't even know if this
is how you're supposed to do it so uh
feeder I just made a thing called feeder
and we have this Cube okay now we make a
sketch on
here oh what finish this sketch now we
draw sketch sketch on here normal okay
we don't get a um
midpoint is that true
so how do they expect me to do this do
they expect me to do it this
way I don't
know wait but if I do a line from here
oh yeah I do get it so it's not like you
have to go diagonal diagonal anyways
we're going to draw a circle here this
25 now we're going to draw a l uh now
how how are we doing this we're going to
draw a face on here we're going to draw
a sketch on
here and then we're going to project
this and this oh wait it's not P it's U
okay now we get these points but we
don't get this point we need to click on
this point
okay now we need to make a
line oh wait no wait wait we did this
wrong because we actually want to
do uh
plane oh wait wait wait wait no
wait we going to do
uh
plane and then we just want to click
this and
this line angle make it
midplane okay so now we have
This Plane actually were we already
there we were already there okay well b
s May we're going to make a sketch
normal okay we're going to take this
this this and this and we're going to
use them now we're going to draw a line
that goes straight
up and a line that goes straight
out okay now what we want to do is we
want going to make
a tangent
Arc from here to
there okay now we want to take this
profile and this profile you want to
finish this sketch and we want to
Loft and we want to Loft it along a path
and that path is
this and let's just click uh
enter and okay great it's oh cuz
remove
nice
awesome pretty cool all right so that
that's that's it I'm going to go inside
and we're going to maybe try to get this
Pico working